TF generation fixes (#344)
huggingface/course: chapters/en/chapter7/4.mdx

{#if fw === 'tf'}

> To get from the model outputs to texts the metric can use, we will use the `tokenizer.batch_decode()` method. We just have to clean up all the `-100`s in the labels; the tokenizer will automatically do the same for the padding token. Let's define a function that takes our model and a dataset and computes metrics on it. We're also going to use a trick that hugely increases performance here - [compiling our generation code with XLA](https://huggingface.co/blog/tf-xla-generate). This works a lot better when our input shapes don't vary too much, so we pad them to multiples of 128, and make a new dataset with that padding collator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get from the model outputs to texts the metric can use, we will use the `tokenizer.batch_decode()` method. We just have to clean up all the `-100`s in the labels; the tokenizer will automatically do the same for the padding token. Let's define a function that takes our model and a dataset and computes metrics on it. We're also going to use a trick that dramatically increases performance - compiling our generation code with [XLA](https://www.tensorflow.org/xla), TensorFlow's accelerated linear algebra compiler. XLA applies various optimizations to the model's computation graph, and results in significant improvements to speed and memory usage. As described in the Hugging Face [blog](https://huggingface.co/blog/tf-xla-generate), XLA works best when our input shapes don't vary too much. To handle this,  we'll pad our inputs to multiples of 128, and make a new dataset with the padding collator:
```

```py
import numpy as np
import tensorflow as tf
from tqdm import tqdm

generation_data_collator = DataCollatorForSeq2Seq(
    tokenizer, model=model, return_tensors="tf", pad_to_multiple_of=128
)

tf_generate_dataset = model.prepare_tf_dataset(
    tokenized_datasets["validation"],
    collate_fn=generation_data_collator,
    shuffle=False,
    batch_size=8,
)

> @tf.function(jit_compile=True)

Reviewer: It would be great to have a sentence or two explaining this decorator

Author: Done!
